>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We have hung out for
three days to realize
this last 20 minutes.
This is the bonus module.
So what I'm going to do here, and
I haven't quite figured out because
I actually checked my config in,
and I tried to like write it back.
And I don't know, whatever.
Let me go back here, let me just
delete this stuff, Move to Trash,
discard all changes and so I'm just
hopping to the example fire brace branch.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's
go back over here.
Make sure everything is compiling.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And if it does,
then we'll have something to talk about.
Big surprise here, right?
The big 92.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
let's see if I can get this to work first.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Now pay attention.
If this is going to work,
what you're going to see
is the stack bar here.
More importantly,
you're going to see it over here.
So direct your eyes over here.
While everybody is looking over here I'm
going to steal all of your wallets, and
your watches.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: JK!
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
that's realtime, homie.
Let's talk about how I did this.
Surprisingly simple,
I would almost say sleight of hand.
Well, let's do one more because
I never get sick of this.
Let's go here.
Items.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Items saved.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Pretty neat.
So how are we doing this?